https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14572 (#7081)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: console/enable_vm_actions.adoc

[#enable-vm-actions]
= Enabling virtual machine actions (Technology Preview)

To view `VirtualMachine` resources across all the clusters that {acm} manages, use the Search feature to list and filter the `VirtualMachine` resources created with the {ocp-virt}. You can also enable the following actions from the {acm-short} console on your `VirtualMachine` resources:

- Start
- Stop
- Restart
- Pause
- Unpause

[#vm-actions-prereq]
== Prerequisites

- *Required access:* Cluster administrator
- Confirm that the _ManagedServiceAccount_ add-on is enabled. See link:../../clusters/install_upgrade/adv_config_install.adoc#serviceaccount-addon-intro[ManagedServiceAccount add-on].

[#enable-actions-acm]
== Enabling virtual machine actions for {acm-short}

You can enable the virtual machine actions for {acm-short} by updating the console config map. Complete the following steps:

. To update the {acm-short} console config map for enabling virtual machine actions, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap console-mce-config -n multicluster-engine -p '{"data": {"VIRTUAL_MACHINE_ACTIONS": "enabled"}}'
----

> . To initiate the actions, create and configure a `ManagedServiceAccount` resource for each managed cluster. Save the following YAML file:

Reviewer: Not sure if "initiate" is the correct word here. This configures ACM to process the action in the managed cluster.

The step before it enabling the console to show the actions. This one configures ACM to process the action.

> . To initiate the actions, create and configure a `ManagedServiceAccount` resource for each managed cluster. Save the following YAML file:

Author: ```suggestion
. To configure {acm-short} to process the actions, create and configure a `ManagedServiceAccount` resource for each managed cluster. Save the following YAML file:
```

          - virtualmachines/stop
          - virtualmachines/restart
          - virtualmachineinstances/pause
          - virtualmachineinstances/unpause
        verbs:
          - update
  clusterRoleBinding:
    subject:
      kind: ServiceAccount
      name: vm-actor
      namespace: open-cluster-management-agent-addon
----
+
*Note:* You must repeat this step for each new managed cluster.

. Apply the `ManagedServiceAccount` resource to your hub cluster by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -n <MANAGED_CLUSTER> -f /path/to/file
----

The virtual machine actions are enabled for {acm-short}.

[#disable-vm-actions]
== Disabling virtual machine actions

To disable virtual machine actions for {acm-short}, run the following command:

[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap console-mce-config -n multicluster-engine -p '{"data": {"VIRTUAL_MACHINE_ACTIONS": "disabled"}}'
----

The virtual machine actions are disabled for {acm-short}.

[#delete-vm-actions]
== Deleting ManagedServiceAccounts and ClusterPermissions resources

To delete `ManagedServiceAccounts` and `ClusterPermissions` resources that use virtual machine actions, complete the following steps:

> . To delete `ManagedServiceAccounts` and `ClusterPermissions` resources, run the following command:

Reviewer: Do we need this repetition for formatting?

Author: My goal was to be specific about what resources are being deleted. But I agree with you because I mention what resources are deleted in the title and description

> . To delete `ManagedServiceAccounts` and `ClusterPermissions` resources, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. To delete the resources, run the following command:
```
